"Candy"
(Episode 6: I Don't Like Women at All)
Knock it off
I barely slept last night, Si Han.
Auntie Ling, you brought so much stuff?
Come back and visit whenever you can.
I'll save the best room for you.
Auntie Ling, I'm really going to miss you.
Come visit often, okay?
Only country bumpkins eat this.
No!
Give it back to Auntie Ling.
I...
I got it for you.
Auntie Ling.
All this time…
Thank you for looking after us.
It's really hard to leave this place.
Just visit often, okay?
Jiang Wan.
So reluctant to leave?
Then stay and help Auntie Ling out.
Seems like you adjusted pretty well anyway.
Lin Can.
Would it kill you to shut up?
Why don't *you* stay then?
My Nuan Nuan…
would miss me too much.
Watch your mouth.
There are cameras.
Ugh, the sickening sweet smell of love.
Quiet.
Lin Can.
Remember to come hold my dress
for me at next month's awards ceremony
Oh I forgot...
You don't have the right to go anymore.
Relax.
I'll pray for you at home.
Hope you don't trip on the red carpet…
And fall flat on your face…
Like last year.
You!
Si Han, let's go.
Auntie Ling.
We should get going too.
Bye.
Travel safe.
Bye, bye.
Bye.
Yeah, bye.
Finally home.
Home really is the best.
No place is better…
than your own humble home.
I'm kinda hungry.
Time to cook, Assistant Wen.
I'm not cooking.
Assistant Wen…
is slacking off today.
We're so tired.
How about…
I help you?
Let's draw lots.
To split the chores fairly.
Okay.
Pick.
You cook.
Fine.
Alright, I'll cook.
Mm-hmm.
Just make instant noodles.
Don't get creative.
And don't blow up the kitchen.
Got it.
"Make Food"
What?
Conscience kicking in?
I just…
Don't want you blowing up the kitchen.
Lin Can.
Will you love me forever?
Of course.
You're the puppy I worked
so hard to bring home.
*You're* the puppy!
Such an ugly outfit.
What kind of taste do you have
to have to buy something like this?
It looks nice.
Look.
Your phone.
Answer it for me.
Hello?
Is this Ms. Lin Can?
Who is this?
This is the Heping Street Police Station.
Your mother has been detained for
drunk and disorderly conduct.
You need to come as soon as possible.
Scam call.
Ignore it.
But they said…
It's nothing.
Don't worry about it.
Okay.
President Shen.
They've finished the show and are back.
Here's what we managed to capture.
Your love story with
Lin Can is truly touching.
Since you're so in love…
Why don't you go public yourselves?
Otherwise…
Don't blame me if I expose Lin Can's past.
It's getting late.
I should go.
Stay.
I don't want to be alone.
Sit.
You…
Um…
It's late.
You should go.
I'm a bit tired.
How did you get this?
I told you, it's none of your business.
Tell me.
The pressure in the
entertainment industry is high.
Big-shot agent…
Don't you know the basics?
Jiang Wan.
Didn't you say…
You've been doing well all these years?
You're back?
You didn't answer my calls.
You should've told me, I'd pick you up.
Si Han.
Let's break up.
What are you talking about?
We were fine!
Si Han, can't you grow up?
I was just playing around with you.
Playing around?
I don't believe you.
Look, I even printed our photos.
My acting really is terrible.
Even my fake smile is so obvious.
Why?
Give me a reason.
Simple.
At first…
I thought you were fun.
After all…
I've never dated a girl before.
And now?
I'm getting bored of this cheap taste.
Say that again.
Obviously…
You didn't really think I'd stay
in this dump with you forever, did you?
You and I…
Were never from the same world.
Besides…
After dating you, I realized…
I don't actually like women.
Then go.
Let's not contact each other anymore.
Si Han.
Go.
Just go!
Si Han.
Why did you lie to me again?
I didn't.
Jiang Wan.
I'll ask you one more time.
That night…
Was what you told me true?
Back then…
My dad found out about us.
So…
He forced you…
The Jiang family…
How did it produce a disgrace like you?
Cut ties with her immediately.
Or you know…
What will happen to her.
No.
He…
He just gave me a choice.
He said…
If I was willing to break up with you…
He'd let me enter the
entertainment industry.
So you chose to ditch me, the burden?
It wasn't like that.
Never mind.
It's fine.
Just tell me…
What happened to your hand?
Si Han.
When it hurts…
I won't think about you.
This?
Pressure in this industry is high.
You know how it is.
And now…
You're back with me.
I'm happy.
Hello?
Yes, I'm Lin Can's agent.
Okay.
I'll head over now.
Stay and sleep a bit longer with me.
I have to deal with Lin Can's situation.
Lin Can.
Lin Can again.
Do you even care about me?
Jiang Wan.
After Lin Can's issues are resolved…
I'll resign from the company.
From now on…
Let's not see each other.
What do you mean?
Then…
What were these past few days about?
They were…
Mutual convenience.
Miss Jiang…
Never thought you'd be
the one getting used, huh?
Si Han.
Why are you treating me like this?
Nuan Nuan.
Have you seen the hot searches?
They're exposing Lin Can as gay.
That's not news.
Wasn't that exposed before?
Not that old one.
This time it's with her assistant.
Her assistant even
publicly posted about it.
I always thought there was
something off about Lin Can.
Turns out it's true.
Really?
Disgusting.
What *isn't* in the entertainment industry?
Seriously.
What brand would hire a gay person?
She even curses at elders.
Lin Can is such scum.
Pure bullying of a regular person.
Don't let her off the hook.
[Nuannuan received a message
threatening her sexuality being exposed]
Send me weird stuff again…
And I'll call the police.
Sorry.
Watch where you're going.
This matter…
You handled it well.
You flatter me, President Shen.
There's one more thing…
I think you'll be interested in.
Go on.
Lin Can's mother…
Caused trouble outside her old villa.
Got detained by the police.
Lin Can refused to bail her out.
So her mother had to contact Si Han.
What do you think?
Should I handle it?
If a family member of
Lin Can is in trouble…
I can't just stand by.
Make sure you get to
her before Si Han does.
Understood.
Want Si Han back by your side?
Come see me.
I have a gift for you.
[He's messaging Jiang Wan]
Still not answering.
Lin Can.
Why?
Why would you do this?
I don't know what happened.
Listen to me.
It's not what you think.
You don't know?
The IP address traces back to you.
And you're telling me you don't know?
Wen Nuan Nuan.
Was it fun playing with my feelings?
You...
You're hurting me.
Let go.
I get it now.
No wonder your aunt kept showing up.
Back then…
They got compensation money…
Because of us.
What?
So your family needs money again?
Is that it?
Need money for a house?
Or for your brother's wedding?
Lin Can.
So in your heart…
That's who I am.
Don't pull me.
Hurry up.
Where's Xiao He?
Where's my Xiao He?
President Shen.
We've picked her up and settled her in.
And…
She revealed some
things about Lin Can's past.
But this is just her mother's side.
Might not be the whole truth.
Alright, alright, alright.
That old woman still had this card to play.
Remember.
The truth doesn't matter.
The public only cares
about what interests them.
This is enough to ruin Lin Can.
That's all we need.
Also…
Keep an eye on her.
Don't let Lin Can or Si Han find her.
Yes, sir.
Don't worry, President Shen.
Lin Can, oh Lin Can.
You, a high and mighty star…
What would people think
if they knew your story?
Wouldn't that be a surprise?
Miss Jiang.
Finally here, Miss Jiang.
What is it?
All this secrecy.
Did you see the news yesterday…
About Lin Can and her assistant?
Top of the trending list.
Shocking the industry.
Hard to miss.
What?
You leaked it?
What's done in the dark…
Comes to light.
I just gave them a little push.
Using someone's private life for drama…
You're truly despicable.
Thank you for the compliment, Miss Jiang.
But there's more.
I have a still bigger gift for her.
Not my business.
Not interested.
Is that so?
Don't forget, Miss Jiang…
We're on the same boat now.
Shen Hao.
What do you mean?
Did you forget, Miss Jiang…
When I embezzled funds
from Star Entertainment…
It was you who provided the money…
To clean up my mess.
Helped me escape.
So I could frame Lin Can for you.
That's a lie.
I just agreed to help with
funds and lent you money.
Lin Can's situation has
nothing to do with me.
Really?
Miss Jiang.
Take a look.
Why are you showing me this?
Lin Can's father went to
prison before she was born.
Her mother's a drunk.
And she herself…
Is a slut who seduced her stepfather.
What nonsense are you saying?
Lin Can's mother said it herself.
Last night…
Her mom got detained.
Wanted her daughter to bail her out.
Little did she know…
Her daughter can't even save herself.
Lucky for her…
I sent someone to pick her up.
This has nothing to do with me.
Doesn't it?
Jiang Wan, oh Jiang Wan.
Never thought…
You were gay too.
Do you think…
Your father…
Chairman Jiang…
Would let Si Han off easily…
If he found out?
And…
If I tell Si Han about this…
Do you think…
She'd believe…
You had nothing to do with it?
You dare threaten me?
Don't get angry.
Just cooperate…
And help me with one last thing.
None of this will happen.
You'll remain the esteemed Miss Jiang.
Si Han will be back by your side.
What do you want?
Simple.
I need you…
To "accidentally" reveal…
To the media…
That you knew about
Lin Can and her assistant…
And also…
Her sordid past.
(Seven missed
calls from Lin Can)
(Easter egg)
What did you say?
Her aunt took her away?
Honey…
Calm down.
That brat…
Good riddance.
She was always a burden.
I'll give you…
A fat baby boy.
Then…
Our family of three…
Will live happily.
Get out!
You think I want your old face?
Tomorrow…
at the Civil Affairs Bureau.